Remove deprecated @GraphId. (#556)
neo4j/neo4j-ogm: neo4j-ogm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/reference/annotations.adoc

> The graph-id field is directly checked to see if two entities represent the same node and a 64-bit hash code is used for dirty checking, so you're not forced to write your code in a certain way!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native or custom id field are directly checked to see if two entities represent the same node and a 64-bit hash code is used for dirty checking, so you're not forced to write your code in a certain way!
```

[WARNING]

> You should write your `equals` and `hashcode` in a domain specific way for managed entities. *We strongly advise developers to not use the native graph id described by a `Long` field in combination with `@Id @GeneratedValue` in these methods*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should write your `equals` and `hashCode` in a domain specific way for managed entities. *We strongly advise developers to not use the native id described by a `Long` field in combination with `@Id @GeneratedValue` in these methods*.
```
